Update docs to set up dynamic credentials for Terraform queries (#1985)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-enterprise/1.2.x/docs/enterprise/dynamic-provider-credentials/index.mdx

To use dynamic credentials for queries, complete the steps for [configuring dynamic credentials for workspaces](#configure-dynamic-credentials-for-workspaces). 

> Query runs will use the dynamic credentials configuration specified for Terraform plans.

Reviewer: Same as above 🤾 

```suggestion
Query runs use the dynamic credentials configuration for Terraform plans. For example, when the same role is configured for both plans and applies, Query runs use that shared role. When separate roles are configured, Query runs use the plan role.
```
